isi spoke
person published the new evacuation
orders to B and some parts of B in an
attempt to have a full military control
of the Northern parts of the north of
Gaza and jabalia but I'm talking to you
from a z itself and people here refuse
to evacuate or move because they are
tired of evacuating over and over and
they are telling that the Israeli forces
is lying and there is no any safe place
and they took a lesson from a and Hama
School in the Gaza City that's why they
are prefering to stay here rather than
moving and follow the Israeli orders as
you can see in the picture civilians
here still open their stores and still
taking shelter in schools here in sh Z
and other parts of Bon and B and prefer
to stay here rather than following the
Israeli forces
and get and take the risk to be
[Music]
killed Northern Gaza scrip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer